- I want to thank you for taking the time
to learn more about twelve-factor applications with me.
Twelve-factor application development
is a complete mind-shift within the organization.
This is not a change that can be taken lightly
and really needs buy-in from the entire
development organization and management.
There are companies that even provide
professional consulting engagements
to move teams into this model.
To be fair, your developers have to have a complete shift
in how they develop and deploy applications.
The results, however, are worth the challenges.
Once your customers see a deployed feature
in days instead of months,
the return on investment
for the development team becomes apparent.
If your team is already embracing Agile methodologies,
this transition will be almost natural.
But it is still a transition.
What I would recommend is to begin
with a new greenfield application.
Start with the pipeline to manage the deployment
before you add any features to that application.
It can even be a simple
"Hello World!" application to start with.
Once you have the pipeline, you can add features
and get rapid deployments to see the value quickly.
You could even start twelve-factor development
using existing VM or big iron infrastructure.
That is part of the benefit.
You don't need Docker or APAS to get started,
because these apps are designed
to run in any execution environment
that supports the language.
These twelve-factors are based on empirical information
from Adam Wiggins' work in Heroku.
As such, the twelve-factor methodologies
are not the silver bullet
for solving distributed computing.
As more systems move into this space,
the pattern itself evolves.
For more information, check out your favorite Cloud provider
or visit 12factor.net,
where you can find more from the original contributors.
Also, you can reach out to me on Twitter.
I want to thank you for your time.